
　
――李博杰  主管   肖世康  协办――
　
愤慨有什么用？到国际竞赛上，拿下金牌来，才是中国人最大的成就！     ――雷勇
　您的位置：博杰学习网>>学科竞赛>>数学（内部资料，绝密）
What is the IMO? 
The International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO) is the World Championship Mathematics Competition for High School students. The first IMO was held in 1959, hosted by Romania, with seven countries participating: Hungary, Bulgaria, Poland, Czechoslovakia, East Germany and USSR. Since then, it has been held, with each participating country hosting it by turns.The number of participating countries has been increasing to 97 countries from all continents in the 49th IMO. 
When the IMO first began, each country was allowed up to eight participants. In 1982, this was scaled back to four members, but in 1983 the number was increased to six, which is where it still stands. The contestants must be no more than 20 years old and must not have any post secondary-school education. There is no limit to how many times a person may participate in the IMO, provided the individual meets the age and schooling requirements. The usual size of an official delegation to an IMO is (a maximum of) six students, along with the Leader and Deputy Leader. The student competitor writes two papers, on consecutive days, each paper consisting of three questions. Each question is worth seven marks. Only a whole number of marks are given, so there can be no half mark score.


Each invited country can send in up to six questions for consideration for the final competition papers. These submissions are reviewed by the host country's problem selection committee, and a short list of about thirty questions is made. The choice of the questions on the actual competition papers is made by the International Jury. The International Jury consists of the Chief Delegate (Leader) from each participating country, together with the Chairman named by the host country. Decisions are made by a simple majority vote. The official languages of the IMO are English, French, German and Russian. Since Spanish is spoken in a large number of participating countries, it has become an unofficial “official” language. In recent years, English has been the working language of the International Jury, with the other official languages available whenever required.


The International Jury members receive the short list of questions on arrival at the sequestered site. They have little time to review these problems before meeting to discuss which problems will be included. An honour system requires delegates to identify any suggested problems that are well known, in text books, or have been used in training programs. Some problems are eliminated as too easy or too hard. After considerable debate, the six problems are chosen, and their wording in all the official languages is agreed. The leaders of countries, whose students require other languages, then translate the questions into the required language. After that all papers, in all languages, are inspected by all members of the International Jury, to ensure that all translations are appropriate. 
When all paper are prepared the Deputy Leaders and Contestants will arrive at the venue. The Opening Ceremony is held, and the Contest begins the following day to last for two days. Each Contestant has to answer 3 questions in each of the two days in his/her own language in for 4 and a half hours. After the Contest, the programme shifts to entertaining activities such as sightseeing and games, for three days. During this period, the Contestants will have good opportunities to develop international friendship, through sharing talks and entertainment with each other. Meanwhile, the Leaders and Deputy Leaders mark the exam papers, and have Coordination sessions to discuss whether the marking has been done fairly and correctly. 
The last day is for the Closing Ceremony, and the Gold, Silver, and Bronze medals will be awarded for excellent performances. The International Mathematical Olympiad is an individual competition. Only individuals compete. There is no team competition. Medals are awarded to approximately the top half of the participating students. Gold, Silver and Bronze medals are awarded in the ratio of 1:2:3, with no more that 1/12 of the students getting a Gold Medal, no more that 1/4 of the students getting either a Gold or a Silver Medal and no more that 1/2 of the students getting a medal of any kind. In order to encourage more students, and to encourage students to solve complete problems, recent practice has awarded a Certificate of Honourable Mention to any student (not receiving a medal) who obtained full marks for at least one problem.
Information for contestants
When and where is the contest to be held? 
The contest will be held in Madrid on July 16-17. On each day, it will start at 9:00 (9:00 a.m.) and last for four and a half hours. The starting time and the ending time will be clearly announced. Each of the two examination papers will consist of three problems. 
What may I bring with me into the competition hall? 
The organizers will provide you with a transparent plastic A4 envelope to carry only writing and drawing instruments such as pens, pencils, erasers, pencil sharpeners, rulers and compasses into the contest room. In no case the use of hand held calculators, cell phones, electronic devises, briefcases, protractors, books, notes, tables, papers or any other written material will be permitted. 
How do I find my seat? 
Your table will be labeled with your name and ID code. Your guide and the invigilators will assist you to find your seat. Once you have spotted your place, please seat down and wait quietly for the starting signal. 
What will be provided? 
On your table, you will find a folder labeled with your ID code and containing: 
the contest problems in one or two languages as previously requested, 
20 sheets of paper (answer forms) to do your work, 
one sheet of paper called query form, 
three subfolders each day, one for each problem, 
a set of five colored cards marked: 
More paper (yellow) 
Help (red) 
Water (blue) 
WC (green) 
Question (white) 
Do not open your folder before the start signal. 
Where and how do I write my solutions? 
Write your solutions and rough work on the answer forms. You will get more paper if necessary. Do not write on the back of the paper. Fill in your ID code, problem number and page number on each answer form as you use it. You should work independently and submit your solutions in your language. Your work will be scanned and copied in black and white, so please do use blue or black ink or a very dark black pencil. 
What if I need more answer forms? 
In case you need more paper, please show your yellow card. One of the invigilators will give you five (5) more sheets of paper. 
What if I have a question about one or more of the problems? 
Questions about the problems may be submitted only during the first 30 minutes. They should be written in your own language on the query form provided. Once your question is ready, raise your white card and one of the invigilators will collect it. The written answer, accorded by the Jury, will be given to you later. The invigilators will show a sign announcing the end of the questions and answers period 30 minutes after the start of the examination. 
What if I need more water to drink? What if I need to go to the rest room or feel sick? 
If you need water, raise your blue card. In case you have to go to the rest room, show your green card. In case of emergency or illness raise your red card to receive help. 
How do I know how much time is left? 
Wall clocks will be visible from your place. The invigilators will announce with a sign the beginning of the last 30 minute period and of the last 5 minute period. 
What do I do when the exam is over? 
Once the end of the examination is announced, you should stop writing immediately. Sort your work by problem number and put each problem inside its subfolder. Put the three subfolders inside the larger folder, leave it closed on your table and remain silent and seated until the invigilators have collected all the folders. Do not put any blank sheet inside the folders. Unused sheets should be left on the table outside the folders. Any written paper not included in the folders will be destroyed. 
What if I finish the exam early? 
In case you finish your work during the first four hours (before the last 30 minute sign) you may show your HELP (red) card to tell the invigilator that you have finished and you want to leave the room. After leaving the examination room you will not be allowed to return to it that day. After the 30 minute sign is shown you will have to wait quietly in your place until the end. Also, you will not be allowed to leave the room during the first 30 minutes. 
What may I take with me out of the competition hall? 
Apart from the contest problems, you are not allowed to take out of the room any materials other than those that you brought in your plastic bag. Specifically, do not take with you any blank or written answer sheet, query form or colored card. 
　

　　
Copyright 2009-01-30 石家庄二中校友会 博杰学习网
　

　 
　
 
　
　