英语作文模板（ 转载）
  您的位置   博杰学习网>>高考集萃>>高考英语

【试题】
随着国家的快速发展，环境保护问题日趋严重。如何处理上述问题？
【分析】
英语作文模板大全
1．说明原因型模块 
原因型模块1 
Currently, XX has been the order of the day. This does demonstrate the theory --- nothing is more valuable than XX It is clear that (1). If you (2), as a result, your dreams will come true. On the contrary, if you (3).Failure will be following with you. It turns out that all your plan falls through. No one can deny another fact that (4).You don't have to look very far to find out the truth, in respect that we all know (5).It will exert a profound influence upon (6).With reference to my standpoint, I think (7).
注释: 1: XX的第一个优点2: 支持XX的做法3: 不支持XX的做法4: XX的第二个优点5: 举例证明优点二6: 说明XX优点三的影响大试 
相应作文:大学英语四级六级考试 
The importance of self-confidence currently, self-confidence has been the order of the day. This does demonstrate the theory --- nothing is more valuable than self-confidence. It is clear that (self-confidence means trust in one's abilities). If you (are full of self-confidence, it will bring your creative power to play, arouse your enthusiasm for work, and help you overcome difficulties), as a result, your dreams will come true. 
On the contrary, if you (have no confidence in yourself, there is little possibility that you would ever achieve anything). Failure will be following with you。It turns out that all your plan falls through. No one can deny another fact that (self-confidence gives you light when you are in dark and encouragement when you are dismayed). You don’t have to look very far to find out the truth, in respect that we all know (the secret of Marrier Curie lies in perseverance and self-confidence, the latter in particular). It will exert a profound influence upon (the achievement of one's ambitions). With reference to my standpoint, I think (he that can have self-confidence can have what he will). 
2. 
原因型模块2 
In recent years, XX has caused a heated debate on (1). The factors for… (2) .First of all, (3). Then, there comes a case that (4). Moreover, …. (5). Especially when (6). Indeed, these unique points can be collected the remind people that (7). In this way, we should behave just like (8). 
相应作文: 
The impact of Television In recent years, with the development of science and technology, 80 percent of all homes in China have satellite TV, offering as many as 50 channels. It has caused a heated debate on (the impact of television on children). Many parents are worried about the impact of so much television on children. 
The factors for (parents' worry is that children are indulge in television and spend too much time on it.). First of all, (with so many programs to choose from, children are not getting as much exercise as they should). Then, there comes a case that (some studies have show that excessive watching of television by millions of children has lowered their ability to achieve in school). Moreover, (the effect on children's minds are more serious than the effect on children's bodies). Especially when (the children are too small to judge what programs are suit to them). 
Indeed, these unique points can be connected to remind parents that (they should pay close attention to and responsibilities for supervising their children's TV viewing). In this way, children will not be influenced too deeply.大学英语四级六级 
原因型模块3 
For most of us today, 
(1). From above, we can find that the reasons why (2) are as follows. The primary reason, I think, is (3) .Second, (4). The third reason, actually, is (5).The significance for (6)。Therefore, (7).
注释: (1)人们针对XX的态度和举措 (2) 归纳现状 (3) 第一个原因 (4) 第二个原因 (5)第三个原因 (6) 重申造成现状的最重要原因
大学
相应作文: 
Pollution Most of us today (recognize that environmental pollution has been a greatly serious problem. lots of plants trees corps are destroyed by bad air. many fish die of poisonous water. thousands of people die from eating poisoned fish or breathing in gas. therefore, environmental pollution should be responsible for these diseases that are disabling, or bringing death not only to human beings, but also to wild life.) 
From above, we can find that the reasons why (environment are polluted more and more seriously)are as follows. the primary reason, I think, is (the reason of harmful substances into environment. for example, to prevent insects, farmers make use of great amounts of insecticides, so as to have bumper harvests. however, they pollute air, water and land ).Second,(the gas coming from the car engines and factories also make environment polluted badly ). the third reason actually is (the result of a growing population in the world. everyday, so much litter and waste are poured out from houses, also pollute the environment ). The significance for (controlling pollution) noted that it's high time that more effective measures should be taken. 
Therefore, (new laws should be passed to limit the amount of pollutants from factories. moreover, in the households, there is an obvious need to reduce litter and waste. let's make our good efforts, and the world will be a safer place to live for us).大学英语四 
原因型模块4 
These days we often hear that (1). It is common that (2). Why does such circumstance occur in spite of social protects? For one thing, 
(3). For another, (4). What is more, since (5), it is natural that (6 ). To solve the problem is not easy at all, but is worth trying. We should do something such as (7) to improve he present situation, and I do believe everything will be better in the future.
注释: (1)提出论题(2)说明现状(3)理由一(4)理由二(5)理由三(6)理由三引起的后果(7)解决方法大学 
相应作文: 
Pollution of environment these days we often hear that (our living conditions are getting more and more serious because of the destruction of our environment). It is common that (many trees and animals are near extinction, and the all-important food chain has been destroyed.).　 
Why does such circumstance occur in spite of social protects? For one thing, (the population of the world is increasing so rapidly that the world has been so crowded.). For another, (the overuse of natural resources has influenced the balance of natural ecology). What is more, since (the industrial revolution), it is natural that (a great number of factories have been springing up like mushrooms. The smoke and harmful chemicals released from factories also pollute the environment).　　 
To solve the problem is not easy at all, but is worthing. We should do something such as (planting more trees, equipping cars with pollution-control devices and learning to recycling natural resources )to improve the present situation, and I do believe everything will be better in the future.大学英语四级六级考试 
2. 图表式作文写作模板 
It is obvious in the graphic/table that the rate/number/amount of Y has undergone dramatic changes. It has gone up/grown/fallen/dropped considerably in recent years (as X varies). At the point of X1, Y reaches its peak value of … (多少). What is the reason for this change? Mainly there are … (多少) reasons behind the situation reflected in the graphic/table. First of all, … (第一个原因). More importantly, … (第二个原因). Most important of all, … (第三个原因). From the above discussions, we have enough reason to predict what will happen in the near future. The trend described in the graphic/table will continue for quite a long time (if necessary measures are not taken括号里的使用于那些不太好的变化趋势). 
3. 提纲式作文写作模板 1) 对立观点式 
A. 有人认为X 是好事，赞成X， 为什么？B. 有人认为X 是坏事， 反对X，为什么？C. 我的看法。 Some people are in favor of the idea of doing X. They point out the fact that 支持X 的第一个原因。They also argue that 支持X 的另一个原因。However, other people stand on a different ground. They consider it harmful to do X. They firmly point out that 反对X 的第一个理由。 An example can give the details of this argument: There is some truth in both arguments. But I think the advantages of X overweigh the disadvantages. In addition to the above-mentioned negative effects it might bring about, X also may X 的有一个坏处。 2) 批驳观点式 
A．一个错误观点。 B． 我不同意。 Many people argue that 错误观点。By saying that, they mean 对这个观点的进一步解释。An example they have presented is that 一个例子。(According to a survey performed by X on a group of Y, almost 80% of them 赞成这个错误观点或者受到这个错误观点的影响)。 There might be some element of truth in these people’s belief. But if we consider it in depth, we will feel no reservation to conclude that 与错误观点相反的观点。There are a number of reasons behind my belief. (以下参照辩论文的议论文写法)。大学英3) 社会问题 (现象) 式 
A．一个社会问题或者现象B． 产生的原因 C．对社会和我们生活的影响 D． 如何杜绝。(如果是问题的话)E． 前景的预测。 Nowadays, there exists an increasingly serious social/economic/environmental problem. (X has increasingly become a common concern of the public). According to a survey, 调查内容说明这种现象的情况。(或者是一个例子)。 There are a couple of reasons booming this problem/phenomenon.下面参照辩论式议论文写法。 X has caused substantial impact on the society and our daily life, which has been articulated in the following aspects. 参照辩论式议论文的写法。 A dozen of measures are supposed to take to prevent X from bringing us more harm. 同上Based on the above discussions, I can easily forecast that more and more people will …….. 大 
4. 辩论式议论文模版 
模版1: 
Some people believe (argue, recognize, think)that 观点1. But other people take an opposite side. They firmly believe that 观点2. As for me, I agree to the former/latter idea. There are a dozen of reasons behind my belief. First of all, 论据1. More importantly, 论据2. Most important of all, 论据3. In summary, 总结观点. As a college student, I am supposed to 表决心.或:From above, we can predict that 预测. 大学英语四级六级考 模版2: 
People hold different views about X. Some people are of the opinion that 观点1, while others point out that 观点2. As far as I am concerned, the former/latter opinion holds more weight. For one thing, 论据1.For another, 论据2. Last but not the least, 论据3. To conclude, 总结观点. As a college student, I am supposed to 表决心. 或 From above, we can predict that 预测. 大学英语四级六级考试
模版3: 
There is no consensus of opinions among people about X(争论的焦点)。Some people are of the view that 观点1，while others take an opposite side, firmly believing that 观点2。As far as I am concerned, the former/latter notion is preferable in many senses. The reasons are obvious. First of all, 论据1。 Furthermore, 论据2。Among all of the supporting evidences, one is the strongest. That is, 论据3。 A natural conclusion from the above discussion is that总结观点。 As a college student, I am supposed to 表决心. 或 From above, we can predict that 预测.， 
　
版权所有 （C） 博杰学习网

 　
　
　