李博杰省队演讲稿
  Contents  科技博览  站长文章  永远的十七  心灵碰撞  专题关注  Homepage

    Hello, No.2 Middle School!
    If there is anyone who still doubt that our school is a place where all things are possible; who still wonders if the dream of our competitors will come true in the olympics; who still questions about the power of our team and company, today is your answer.
    It's the answer told by gold medals that shinned on the informatics olympiad ranklist in numbers this school has never seen; by students who worked day and night without any rest, many facing the most hardship in their lives; by the voices of yielding people on the field. We know that the award will be different.
    It's the answer spoken by groups of mathematics and physics, chemistry and biology, informatics and CASTIC, olympiad and NMET, boys and girls, arts and science, physical and mental, teachers and students -- our people in this school who sent a message to the nation that we have never been a collection of contradictions and conflicts; we are, and always will be, the No.2 Middle School of Shijiazhuang.
    It's the answer that led those who have been told for so long by so many competitors to be fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve in olympiad of all subjects, to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better result.
    It's have been a long time coming, but today, because the score we achieved on the day November 15th, in the competition of informatics in Hebei, at that defining moment 3:00 in the afternoon, change has come to our olympics team.
    I have just received a very gracious smile from my informatics coach, Pandora. It's the time when I got out of the examination hall, asked for the feeling of this year's NOIP. He smiled, patted my shoulders, with a steady word "No Problem". It's the time when I firstly known to have got the highest score of 330 among the city of Shijiazhuang. He sighed with a pleasant looking, remembering all things happened during this special month. It's the time when I achieved the dream of taking part in NOI and representing our province to win medals. 
    I clearly know, Pandora has endured sacrifices for out team that most of us cannnot imagine, and we are better off for the precious knowledge taught by this experienced and selfless coach. I also congratulate him and my headteacher Radar for all they have achieved, and I look forward to working with them to break this school's olympiad record in the year ahead.
    I want to thank my partner Error in my journey to NOIP, who encouraged me with wisdom words from his heart, and told many funny stories which entertain our minds. Instead of cheating in beautiful words, it is always him who kept me company, until the last minute before entering the examination hall. No matter how the time passes by, I will remind the pure company and friendship forever.
    I would not be standing here today without the voiceless support of my deskmate Zhou Yifan for the last year, the learning leader of our class 17 and the most hopeful competitor in mathematical olympiad. I learned from her so much, and she has reached such a high level that not everyone can reach. And from her habits of learning and dealing with problems, I have learnt so much. No matter which class she is in, I still have my eyes on this hopeful girl, who has a great effect on my first grade of high school. I know my last deskmate was watching, along with the whole school team, that make me feel responsible for the expection of everyone. In this way, I can not fail, and not able to fail.
    To my friends and teachers, to my dear parents and grandparents, and the best comptetiors I have ever found in this school -- you made this happen, and I am forever grateful for what you've sacrificed to get it done.
    But above all, I will never forget who this victory truly belongs to -- it belongs to you.
    I was never the likeliest competitor for this competition. I didn't start with much knowledge nor many good books. My struggle was not built on a strong basis, instead, it's a time of solving lots of easy problems before this year's competition.
    It was built by sevaral online judges, RQNOJ, vijos, pku, USACO, who collected thousands of problems to solve. It grew strength from the basic programming methods, including simulation, dynamic programming, searching methods, data structures of tree, map and many other algorithms. It grew strength from the atmosphere in the computer room, likely facing many eneimes, other competitors always make it possible to dig into the world of programming. 
    It was built by competitors who spend all free time into their career and risking the danger of returning to NMET; who shared their opinions and ideas freely and selflessly, making everyone gain further knowledge; who placed their footballs and basketballs into sealed boxes and jumped into the deepest sea of olympics learning; who saved their own time for answering other people's questions; who made fun between classes, reducing high pressure of study.
    This great building of olympics, built by the competitors and for the competitors, has been clearly proved to be not perished from our school. This is our victory.
    I know you didn't do this just to just win a competition, and I know you didn't do it for me. You did it because you understand the enormity of the task that lies ahead. For even we celebrate today, we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime -- only two prizes in chemistry, only three prizes in informatics, the worst olympics crisis in our history of our school. Even as we stand here today, we know there are tragic competitors seeing the non-prize competiton result and the laugh of other schools who struggled more than our hopeful friends. There are angry parents gathering out of the school gate complainting the failure made by ourselves, or moist their eyes helplessly for the hopelessness of their so-called good students. Their is torn relationship to repair, new knowledge to learn, and the most important, more prizes to win.
    The road ahead will be long. Our climb will be steep. We may not get there in one month, or even one season, but our school -- I have never been more hopeful than I am today that we will get there. I promise you: we as a team will get there, will get to the highest mountains in the same day next year.
    There will be setbacks and false starts. There are still many who won't study as hard as we do, and I know not every person can be the most successful -- the only one is the most. But I will always be honest with you the challenges we face. I will listen to you, listen to what you think, listen to what you have known, listen to your complainments, listen to whatever you say, especially when we disagree. And, above all, I will encourage you to join us for the struggle of olympics remaking this school the only way it's been done for 60 years -- block by block, brick by brick, callused hand by callused hand.
    What began 14 months ago in the first days of olympics must not end on this autumn night. The victory alone is not the goal we seek -- it is only the chance for us to make that change, and I am just the lucky dog. And that can not happen if we go back to the way things were. It can not happen without you.
    So let us summon a new spirit of struggle; of serious and practical where we found on champions in international olympics competition. The struggle is not one person's struggle, but a large activity which each of us should pitch in, and work harder for better results. Let us remember that if this competitional crisis taught us anything, it's that we can not have a strong mathematical competitional team while Chinese still out of our sight. In this school, all subjects rise or fall as one whole person -- as one indivisible part.
    Let us resist the temptation to fall back on the same hypocrisy and pattiness and patientlessness that has poisoned our studies so far. Let us remember that it was a student from class 20 who first carried the very best scholar of high school entrance examination to our competition team -- a prize expected for more than ten years without any achievement but that summer came true out of all predictions. Those are values to share, and while I have won a great victory today, we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress.
    As Radar took over the class far more poor in grades than today, "No matter which class you in, if and only if you do your best, the victory will belong to you." And, to those students who still wonders if we can make a great progress, I can tell you, it is time that we can do it.
    To all those who still suffer from the lost of prizes in any subject of competition, from the failure of attending universities in dream, to those who have run along the sports runway for their best wishes -- our failure is only for the time being, but the greatest victory is just around the corner, and a new life of our dream team is gradually formed. 
    To those who try to prevent our steps toward the final championship, we will defeat you. To those who seek human knowledge and the mystery of the universe, we support you. And to all those who have wondered if olympic's beacon still burns as bright: Tonight we proved once more that the true strength of out team comes out not from the number of our books or the variety of probleams, but from the enduring power of our ideals: championship, university, knowledge, unyielding hope and the pure love of the nature.
    For that is the true genius of olympics -- that learn is to discover. Our knowledge can be perfected. And what we have already achieved gives us hope for what we can and must achieve tomorrow.
    This competition had many firsts and many stories that will be told for sessions of students. But one that's on my mind today is about the fact that the most hopeful competitors didn't get the best prize while ordinary players reach the first. It's not only a phynomenon in mathematics, not only happened in informatics, but also in all kinds of subjects, for the whole year round, and even has spreaded to other subjects as Chinese and English. It's not by accident, but by necessity.
    Yes, it is a fact that skilled competitors may not accept, but human voices can never be large enough to change the rules how nature works. As the wisdom word goes,"The world will never change, but your mind does." Instead of feeling depressed and hopeless, it is a necessity that we find a green channel to success. 
    It is the pride of victory lasted so long that made them lose. It is the strong hope that made them win. It is the pressure from teachers, students, friends, parents that made them lose. It is the pure wish of discovering new facts of the nature that made them win. It is seed competitors which they are expected to be that made them stressed out. It is what they themselves expected to be good competitiors that made them stayed calm. 
    It is not the physical differences but the mental divides that decided their results. It is not the academic levels but the wishes in mind that returned their grades. It is not the secular persuit of money but the discovery of nature that defined their prizes.
    At a time when some of you may disagree, it's just a matter of fact. At a time when human voices from the deepest heart spread out of the field, it turns to be a loud roar: Yes, we can.
    It's a time when we suffered from the reality world of wars and crimes for so long. It's a time when we wished to be the richest businessmen for so long. It's a time when we locked our purpose of learning competition subjects only to the ticket to the college for so long. It's a time when we drive our body only to the destination of books to read and problems to solve. It's a time when we tolerated so much unfair but nobody to tell.
    We have suffered so far. It's the very time that we return our ideas and thoughts. It's the very time that we change our minds and decisions. It's the very time that we rebuild our knowledge on a strong basis. It's the very time that we reform our habits to healthier ones.
    I have read a passage of anti-su group. This is our chance to answer that passage. No matter what she does, nor what falses she had done, you cannot behave in that way. This is our time -- to put our students back to study and open doors of opportunity for our competitors; to light up pure friendship and wipe out hypocrisy and selfish; to reclaim the school dream and reaffirm that fundamental truth that out of many, we are one; that while the breathe, we hope, and where we are met with cynicism, and doubt, and those who tell us that we can't, we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a olympic team: Yes, we can.
    Yes, we can. We can program the process of our study habits; we can take measures to reduce the nonsense among our competiors; we can do our best to improve the study atmosphere in the classroom; we can struggle together and make every minute possible. Yes, we can do a lot of things, we certainly can.
    Yes, we can. We can forget the sorrow from last year's failure; we can throw out the unhappiness during our struggle; we can achieve our dreams to be record-breakers of our school; we can stand on the highest mountains of knowledge to look down upon the world. Yes, we can make our efforts to realize our even impossible dreams, we certainly can.
    Yes, we can. We can struggle, we can win. To those who are watching us for results, to those who are expecting us for prizes, to those who are staring at us for championships, we can light up the spirit to a burning flame: Yes, we can.
    Thank you. God bless you, and may God bless the No.2 Middle School of Shijiazhuang.
Li Bojie
November 23rd, 2008
　
版权所有 （C） 博杰学习网

 