奥巴马当选美国总统
  Contents  科技博览  站长文章  永远的十七  心灵碰撞  专题关注  Homepage

奥巴马获胜演讲：我们需要的变革 

地址: 
http://news.163.com/08/1105/13/4Q05D6DG0001121M.html 

Hello, Chicago. 
您好，芝加哥。 

If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible, who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time, who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer.
如果还有人仍在怀疑美国是否是一个一切皆有可能的国度的话，如果还有人仍在疑虑我们美国的缔造者的梦想是否还存在于我们这个时代的话，如果还有人仍在质疑我们民主的力量的话，今晚你就可以得到答案。 

It's the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches in numbers this nation has never seen, by people who waited three hours and four hours, many for the first time in their lives, because they believed that this time must be different, that their voices could be that difference.
它的答案告诉延伸线，围绕学校和教堂的人数这个民族从未见过的，等待三个小时，四个小时的人们，许多第一次在他们的生活，因为他们认为，这次一定是不同的，他们的声音可能是不同的。 

It's the answer spoken by young and old, rich and poor, Democrat and Republican, black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, disabled and not disabled. Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been just a collection of individuals or a collection of red states and blue states.
不管你是年轻人还是老年人，是富人还是穷人，是民主党人还是共和党人，是黑人还是白人，也不管你是拉丁美洲人或亚洲人还是本土美国人，更无论你是否为同性变者、是否是残疾人，这是美国人共同的答案。美国人向全世界传递一个声音，那就是我们的选举从不分红州或蓝州。 

We are, and always will be, the United States of America.
我们属于，而且永远只属于美利坚合众国。 

It's the answer that led those who've been told for so long by so many to be cynical and fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.
它的答案，导致这些谁一直在说这么长时间这么多的是玩世不恭和恐惧和怀疑是我们能够实现把他们手中的弧的历史和弯曲再次向希望一个更美好的一天。 

It's been a long time coming, but tonight, because of what we did on this date in this election at this defining moment change has come to America.
虽然等待了很长时间，但在今晚的这一决定性时刻，由于我们在这次选举中的努力，美国终于迎来了变革。 

A little bit earlier this evening, I received an extraordinarily gracious call from Sen. McCain.今天傍晚稍早的时候，我接到麦凯恩参议员一个特别亲切的电话。 

Sen. McCain fought long and hard in this campaign. And he's fought even longer and harder for the country that he loves. He has endured sacrifices for America that most of us cannot begin to imagine. We are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader.
在竞选过程中，他坚持不懈，努力了很长时间，而且他还会为他所热爱的国家继续更加努力。他已经为美国奉献了太多，以到于我们许多人都无法想象。我们必须要更好地服务于我们的祖国，以补偿这位勇敢而无私的领导人。 

I congratulate him; I congratulate Gov. Palin for all that they've achieved. And I look forward to working with them to renew this nation's promise in the months ahead.
我祝贺他以及佩林此前取得的所有成绩，而且我希望能够与他们合作，重申数月前我们对国家所做的承诺。 

I want to thank my partner in this journey, a man who campaigned from his heart, and spoke for the men and women he grew up with on the streets of Scranton and rode with on the train home to Delaware, the vice president-elect of the United States, Joe Biden.
我要感谢在这个征途上我的合作伙伴，一名男子从谁竞选他的心，并以对男性和女性，他成长起来的街道上骑着顿和同在火车上家美国特拉华州，副总统当选美国，乔-拜登。 

And I would not be standing here tonight without the unyielding support of my best friend for the last 16 years the rock of our family, the love of my life, the nation's next first lady Michelle Obama.
在过去16年间，如果没有我最好朋友的坚定支持，没有我家庭成员的强力支撑，没有我妻子，也就美国未来的第一夫人米歇尔-奥巴马无私的爱，今晚我不可能站在这里。 

Sasha and Malia I love you both more than you can imagine. And you have earned the new puppy that's coming with us to the new White House.
马莉娅和萨莎，我也非常爱你们，你们肯定也沉浸在即将入住白宫的喜悦之中。 

And while she's no longer with us, I know my grandmother's watching, along with the family that made me who I am. I miss them tonight. I know that my debt to them is beyond measure.
然而，我的外祖母已永远离开了我们，但我知道她也正和所有支持我的家人一样在看着我。我今晚非常想念他们，而且知道我欠他们的太多。 

To my sister Maya, my sister Alma, all my other brothers and sisters, thank you so much for all the support that you've given me. I am grateful to them.我的妹妹玛雅，我的妹妹阿尔玛，我的所有其他的兄弟姐妹们，感谢你们给了我这么多的一切支持，我感谢他们。 

And to my campaign manager, David Plouffe, the unsung hero of this campaign, who built the best -- the best political campaign, I think, in the history of the United States of America.
和我的竞选顾问大卫-Plouffe，此次竞选的无名英雄，我认为，是他打造了美利坚合众国历史上最好的-最好的政治运动。 

To my chief strategist David Axelrod who's been a partner with me every step of the way.
我的首席策略师大卫――阿克塞尔罗德，在一个合作伙伴与我的每一步。 

To the best campaign team ever assembled in the history of politics you made this happen, and I am forever grateful for what you've sacrificed to get it done.
最好的竞选团队以往任何时候都聚集在历史上的政治你这一点，我永远感谢您什么牺牲得到工作要做。 

But above all, I will never forget who this victory truly belongs to. It belongs to you. It belongs to you.
但最重要的是，我永远不会忘记这场胜利的所有者，胜利属于你们，胜利属于你们。 

I was never the likeliest candidate for this office. We didn't start with much money or many endorsements. Our campaign was not hatched in the halls of Washington. It began in the backyards of Des Moines and the living rooms of Concord and the front porches of Charleston. It was built by working men and women who dug into what little savings they had to give $5 and $10 and $20 to the cause.
我从来没有对可能的候选人，这个办公室。我们没有开始多少钱或许多签注。我们的运动是不能孵化的大厅华盛顿。它开始在后院得梅因和客厅的和谐与前面门廊的查尔斯顿。这是由工作男性和女性谁挖成小储蓄，他们不得不放弃5美元和10美元和20美元的事业。 

It grew strength from the young people who rejected the myth of their generation's apathy who left their homes and their families for jobs that offered little pay and less sleep.
它成长的力量的年轻人谁拒绝他们神话一代人的冷漠谁离开他们的家园和他们的家属就业提供一点工资和少睡觉。 

It drew strength from the not-so-young people who braved the bitter cold and scorching heat to knock on doors of perfect strangers, and from the millions of Americans who volunteered and organized and proved that more than two centuries later a government of the people, by the people, and for the people has not perished from the Earth.
它提请强度从不那么谁年轻人冒着严寒和酷暑敲门，门完美的陌生人，并从数以百万计的美国人谁自愿组织和证明，两个多世纪后，人民的政府由人民，为人民还没有灭亡的地球。 

This is your victory.这是你们的胜利。 

And I know you didn't do this just to win an election. And I know you didn't do it for me.
我知道你们没有这样做只是为了赢得大选。我知道你们因为多而没有这样做。 

You did it because you understand the enormity of the task that lies ahead. For even as we celebrate tonight, we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime -- two wars, a planet in peril, the worst financial crisis in a century.
你这样做，是因为你明白艰巨性的任务摆在面前。即使在我们庆祝的今晚，我们知道，明天的挑战将是最大的我们的有生之年-两场战争，地球处于危险，最严重的金融危机的一个世纪。 

Even as we stand here tonight, we know there are brave Americans waking up in the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan to risk their lives for us.
即使我们今晚站在这里，我们知道有勇敢的美国人起床在沙漠伊拉克和阿富汗山区冒着生命危险为我们。 

There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after the children fall asleep and wonder how they'll make the mortgage or pay their doctors' bills or save enough for their child's college education.
有父亲和母亲谁将躺在清醒后的孩子入睡和不知道他们会作抵押或支付其医生的法案或储存足够的孩子的大学教育。 

There's new energy to harness, new jobs to be created, new schools to build, and threats to meet, alliances to repair.
有新能源可以利用，新的工作岗位要建立，新的学校建设，和威胁去处理，联盟要修理。 

The road ahead will be long. Our climb will be steep. We may not get there in one year or even in one term. But, America, I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there.
未来的路还很长，而且我们正在艰难地攀登在陡峭的山坡之上。我们未必能够在一年或是在一个总统任期之内达到目标，但美国肯定可以。我们肯定可以达到目标，此前我从未有今天晚上的如此信心。 

I promise you, we as a people will get there.
我向你们承诺，我们肯定可以。 

There will be setbacks and false starts. There are many who won't agree with every decision or policy I make as president. And we know the government can't solve every problem.
当然，这一过程肯定还会出现挫折，甚至是不成功的开始。我作为总统所做出的决策，肯定也会有许多人并不赞同。我们知道政府并不能解决所有问题。 

But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face. I will listen to you, especially when we disagree. And, above all, I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation, the only way it's been done in America for 221 years -- block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.
但我也会向你们诚恳地交待我们所面临的挑战。我会认真听从你们的建议，尤其是意见不一致的时候。总之，我邀请你们加入到国家再建的工作之中。221年来，我们的国家就是这样一砖一瓦，一点一滴地建造起来的。 

What began 21 months ago in the depths of winter cannot end on this autumn night.
我们开始于21个月前深冬，不会结束在今年的这个秋天的夜晚结束。 

This victory alone is not the change we seek. It is only the chance for us to make that change. And that cannot happen if we go back to the way things were.
这仅仅是胜利而不是我们所寻求的变化。这是唯一的机会，我们做出的改变。并能不会发生，如果我们回到这样的。 

It can't happen without you, without a new spirit of service, a new spirit of sacrifice.
没有你，没有一种新的服务精神，新的牺牲精神，它不能发生。 

So let us summon a new spirit of patriotism, of responsibility, where each of us resolves to pitch in and work harder and look after not only ourselves but each other.
因此，让我们拿出一个新的爱国主义精神，责任感，在我们每个人都决心在球场和努力，并期待后，不仅自己，而且对方。 

Let us remember that, if this financial crisis taught us anything, it's that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street while Main Street suffers.
让我们记住，如果此次金融危机告诉我们什么，那就是我们不可能拥有一个蓬勃发展的华尔街，当主街受到影响时。 

In this country, we rise or fall as one nation, as one people. Let's resist the temptation to fall back on the same partisanship and pettiness and immaturity that has poisoned our politics for so long.
在这个国家，我们的兴衰，作为一个民族，作为一个人。让我们抵制诱惑，回到属于同一党派和鸡毛蒜皮的小事和不成熟有毒害我们的政治这么久。 

Let's remember that it was a man from this state who first carried the banner of the Republican Party to the White House, a party founded on the values of self-reliance and individual liberty and national unity.
让我们铭记，是这个州的人第一次将共和党的旗帜扛进了白宫，(共和党)是一个将价值观建立在自信、个人自由以及国家团结基础上的政党。 

Those are values that we all share. And while the Democratic Party has won a great victory tonight, we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress.
我们所有人都信奉这一价值。民主党今晚获得了巨大的胜利，但我们未来将用谦卑和决心来弥补竞选过程中产生的裂痕。 

As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours, we are not enemies but friends. Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection.
正如林肯所说，我们不是敌人，而是朋友。我们决不能成为敌人，尽管目前的情绪有些紧张，但决不能容许它使我们之间的亲密情感纽带破裂。 

And to those Americans whose support I have yet to earn, I may not have won your vote tonight, but I hear your voices. I need your help. And I will be your president, too.
对于那些支持我的美国人，以及那些没有将选票投给我的人，我倾听到了你们的声音，我需要得到你们的帮助，而我也同样是你们的总统。 

And to all those watching tonight from beyond our shores, from parliaments and palaces, to those who are huddled around radios in the forgotten corners of the world, our stories are singular, but our destiny is shared, and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand.
和所有观看今晚从超出了我们的海岸，来自议会和宫殿，那些谁是围着收音机中被遗忘的角落的世界，我们的故事是独特的，但我们的命运是共同的，新的曙光美国领导在手。 

To those -- to those who would tear the world down: We will defeat you. To those who seek peace and security: We support you. And to all those who have wondered if America's beacon still burns as bright: Tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth, but from the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity and unyielding hope.
那些-那些谁将世界撕裂了：我们将打败你。这些谁寻求和平与安全的：我们支持你。对于所有那些疑惑美国的灯塔是否还会继续明亮燃烧的人，今夜我们将再次证明，我们国家的力量并不是来源来我们的胳膊的臂力，也不是来源于我们的财富，而是源自于我们理念的持久力量。这些理念包括：民主、自由、机会以及坚贞不屈的希望。 

That's the true genius of America: that America can change. Our union can be perfected. What we've already achieved gives us hope for what we can and must achieve tomorrow.
这是真正的天才合众国：美国会发生变化。我们的工会可以完善。我们已经取得了让我们希望我们能够而且必须实现的明天。 

This election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations. But one that's on my mind tonight's about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta. She's a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election except for one thing: Ann Nixon Cooper is 106 years old.
这次选举有许多优势，许多故事，会被告知几代人。但是，这在我脑海今晚的约一个女人谁投她的选票在亚特兰大。她就像数以百万计的其他人谁站在线，使他们的声音在这次选举中除一件事：尼克松安库珀是106岁。 

She was born just a generation past slavery; a time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky; when someone like her couldn't vote for two reasons -- because she was a woman and because of the color of her skin.
她出生的一代刚刚过去的奴役;当时有没有汽车在道路上或飞机在天空中;当有人能像她一样不参加表决的原因有两个-因为她是一名女子，由于她的颜色皮肤。 

And tonight, I think about all that she's seen throughout her century in America -- the heartache and the hope; the struggle and the progress; the times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes we can.
今晚，我想所有的，她在整个看到她在美国的世纪-在心痛和希望;的斗争和取得的;的时候，我们被告知，我们不能，和人民谁压上与美国的信条：是我们能够做到。 

At a time when women's voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed, she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach for the ballot. Yes we can.
当时妇女的声音被压制和他们的希望被驳回，她活着看到他们站起来，说出并达成的选票。是我们能够做到。 

When there was despair in the dust bowl and depression across the land, she saw a nation conquer fear itself with a New Deal, new jobs, a new sense of common purpose. Yes we can.
当有绝望中的尘埃和抑郁一碗全国的土地，她看到一个民族征服恐惧本身的新政，新的就业机会，一个新的共同使命感。是我们能够做到。 

When the bombs fell on our harbor and tyranny threatened the world, she was there to witness a generation rise to greatness and a democracy was saved. Yes we can.
当炸弹落在我们的港口和暴政威胁世界，她在那里目睹了一代产生的伟大和民主是保存。是我们能够做到。 

She was there for the buses in Montgomery, the hoses in Birmingham, a bridge in Selma, and a preacher from Atlanta who told a people that "We Shall Overcome." Yes we can.
她在那里的巴士蒙哥马利，软管在英国伯明翰，桥梁塞尔玛和传教士从亚特兰大谁告诉人民， “我们克服。 ”是我们能够做到。 

A man touched down on the moon, a wall came down in Berlin, a world was connected by our own science and imagination.
一名男子降落在月球上，墙上下来在柏林，世界是连接我们自己的科学和想象力。 

And this year, in this election, she touched her finger to a screen, and cast her vote, because after 106 years in America, through the best of times and the darkest of hours, she knows how America can change.
今年，在这次选举中，她谈到她的手指到屏幕上，她和演员投票，因为106年后，在美国，通过最好的时候和最黑暗的时间，她知道怎样可以改变美国。 

Yes we can.
是我们能够做到。 

America, we have come so far. We have seen so much. But there is so much more to do. So tonight, let us ask ourselves -- if our children should live to see the next century; if my daughters should be so lucky to live as long as Ann Nixon Cooper, what change will they see? What progress will we have made?
美国，我们来到迄今。我们已经看到这么多。但有这么多事情要做。因此，今夜，让我们反问一下我们自己，如果我们的孩子能够活到下个世纪；如果我的女儿能够幸运地活得像安-尼克森-库珀那样长，他们将会看到什么样的变化？我们那时将会取得什么样的进步？ 

This is our chance to answer that call. This is our moment.
这是我们来回答问题的机会，这是我们的时刻。 

This is our time, to put our people back to work and open doors of opportunity for our kids; to restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace; to reclaim the American dream and reaffirm that fundamental truth, that, out of many, we are one; that while we breathe, we hope. And where we are met with cynicism and doubts and those who tell us that we can't, we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people: Yes, we can.
这是我们的时代，要使我们的人民重新工作并将机会留给我们的子孙；重新恢复繁荣并促进和平；回归我们的美国梦想并重申一个基本事实--在众人之中，我们也是其中一个；当我们呼吸，当我们充满希望的时候，我们遭遇冷嘲热讽和质疑，那些人认为我们无法做到。我们将用一句话来做出回应：不，我们可以！ 

Thank you. God bless you. And may God bless the United States of America.
谢谢您。上帝保佑你。愿上帝保佑美利坚合众国。 
　
版权所有 （C） 博杰学习网

 