SJZEZ: Running For Dream
  Contents  科技博览  站长文章  永远的十七  心灵碰撞  专题关注  Homepage
   
    As the time flies, SJZEZ(No.2 Middle School Shijiazhuang) has experienced all the emotions year by year. Happy or sad, success or failure, 60 years of history is flowing down our eyes: the continous development, the fast changing of the school environment, and the improvement of teaching quality, which is considered to be the most important. We have clearly seen that, it takes 60 years for such a small school to grow up to a high school with more than 3000 students and several hundreds of experienced teachers. It is obvious that SJZEZ is well-known as the dream place for students all over Shijiazhuang, a modern city running with rapid development. So we can say proudly, SJZEZ has run for the dream for 60 years, and now still running without any break.
    As is known to all SJZEZ people, September 13th is the birthday of our school. But while the congratulations from all sides of society coming one after one, I want to think about something serious. You might think it unnecessary at this time, but I think it of great importance, according to the fact:
    The olympics competition in 2008 has finished except mathematics, which is maybe the worst subject among the five ones in the past. When I took the first sight at the results, I could hardly believe my eyes. In Biology, we have got only two first prizes, while two in Chemistry, thirteen in physics, which is better than the other two, but worse than any other year since 10 years ago. The only thing that cheers up my mind, is the competion of NOI(National Olympiad in Informatics). We've got three gold medals, breaking the school record, and shocking all the OIers in Hebei Province.
    After all, we had a great failure in such immediate, without prepare, beyond our thoughts. Our competitors, hard-working for two years non-stop, making such a progress that ordiary students can't imagine, lead to the lost at the last battle without weapon. How did they do it? Why did they lose it? We are trying to find a explanation, but nothing is found until now. Instead of drowning in the blue water we've found in our mind, a practical way is badly needed.
    We had better think from the ten top students in our grade(high 2007) chosen by Bojie Learn Net these days, and learn from the firsts.
    Shi Wu -- As the top winner of the High-school Entrance Examination in Shijiazhuang with a high score of 624 (8 added score included), he has his own ideas about study. First, he concentrate all his mind on what the teacher says and writes during lessons. Not only did he take notes carefully, but also think about the problems teached while listening. In this way, he can fully "digest" the knowledge in lessons, and have more time to have further education. What's more, Shi noticed highlightly that he is always living with plans. Whatever thing he need to do, the first thing is to make a plan. What's more important, different from others, he forces himself to follow the plan as what it is. This is the secret why Shi keeps rapid development of study, I think. It is obvious that, Shi has got the first place in the olympiad of maths and physics, which is hard to imagine by ordinary students. We are not sure whether Shi can be the most successful in the future, but we can predict, Shi will be the record-breaker of SJZEZ in the educational times. Keeping the first of two subjects at the same time for almost one year, is actually making a miracle of school history. It is no doubt that Shi keeps ranking the first in top students ranklist.
    Lu Sida -- As the second winner of the High-school Entrance Examination, only lost to Shi Wu by just two scores, Lu is trying hard to achieve his dream of the first place. The first step he has reached, is the first prize of NOIP, making Lu the first student to get olympic prize in our grade. As a result, his picture is hanged in the school honor list. It is certainly not enough. the team of Hebei Province, and then NOI medals, even entering IOI, is always his dreams and goals. Making a difference, Lu had developed his programming skills and has reached a high level. Once I asked him what he was doing in Informatics, he answered with a project called "Conic Section and Algorithm Optimization". It is such a difficult project that I had never heard of it before. We don't want to be hypocritical, yet Lu's advantage and progress is clearly shown to us. Although he is still in the second place of the ranklist, his eyes are still staring at the first place, running for his dream.
    Zhou Yifan -- As my deskmate in the Grade One, her study methods and behavoiur impressed me deeply almost at the first sight. In my opinion, nothing more than study at educational time, particularly in high school. So it is natural that I consider likes and dislikes by the study level. In our class, hypocritical sayings and doings are surrounding our classroom. But Zhou has shown her opposite views clearly and has taken measures to stop the bad effects, showing responsibility for the duty of the member of learning. She has ranked first for half a year, better than Shi Wu, for her careful thinking, her stability of grades, her healthy thoughts, and her all-round development. The most attraction is, Zhou absolutely rank the first in mathematics without any opponents. Nothing could stop Zhou from fast development in the past year in Class 17, while things has changed during the summer vacation. During the mathematical summer camp in Zhejiang University, Zhou couldn't resist the temptation from other girl students in the same room. Slowly, quietly, which is not easily to detect, Zhou started to chat with others and filled her time with play and laughter. As the disappointing result, Zhou finally gave up the chemical olympiad, and slowly being catched up by other students in mathematical olympiad, including Shi and Lu, ranking firsts in the latest math examinations. I actually feel worried for the mathematical progress of such a girl student with years of first rank, which is leading to failure in the end. But I stand firmly for the faith that Zhou will find herself in a short time and return to the rank place belonged to her in the past, which ought to be hers in the future.
    As the passage is getting longer and longer, I have no time to write about other seven students and make analysis of them. Accroding to the three top students mentioned, we can find that the rank list is not frozen ice, but flowing water. As the time flows like spring down the hills, we have found the beauty of nature that can't be found in modern architectures and cities. A lot of poems have been written by people around the world, which present the emotions of facing the nature and the universe. They use beautiful words and expressions that I can't follow, but I can advise such a simpie thing: when you are facing difficulties or have nothing to do, especially confused by thing around us, please stand still outside, look up at the high places, try to find blue sky and white clouds if day, or dark universe and shining stars if night. A kind of quietness will run over your body, calming your mind, and helping you to think further and better.
    For the competition of olympics, we can still see, we are the endangered. Instead of waiting to the failure and returning to the NMET, we still have a long way to go. In my class 19, Olympic sense is all around the back blackboard, filled with announcements of all the five subjects, mentioning all the competitors to faster their footsteps, and make a difference in the year 2009.
    History is always history, but future will change to history at the proper time. History can't be changed, but future is handed my ourselves. SJZEZ, a school with long history and Brilliant achievements, is considered to be our dream; as the danger comes over our mother school, we have great duty to survive the dangerous condition in olympics compitition, and make our dream come true, not only for our school, but also for our future.
    "SJZEZ, is already running for the dream!" Loudly, proudly, responsibly, we've heard the horn of the olympic battle clearly, from the large sports field filled with dream.
    Wake up, SJZEZ students! Stand up, Grade 2 competitors! Let's struggle together, for a brighter future!
　
Written by Li Bojie from Class 19, Grade 2, SJZEZ.
September 29th, 2008.
　
版权所有 （C） 博杰学习网

 