How America Goes Against China
美国针对中国的“十条戒令”
  Contents  科技博览  站长文章  永远的十七  心灵碰撞  专题关注  Homepage
Look at how America goes against China!  
THIS IS THE ENGLISH VERSION. What do you think after reading it?
   First, as far as possible material to lure and ruined their youth, encouraging them to contempt, disdain, and further suffered openly oppose their original ideological education, in particular the communist dogma. Manufacture of pornography for their interest and lively opportunities, in turn encourages them to engage in sexual promiscuity. Let them not to shallow, vanity to shame. They stressed that we must destroy the spirit of hard work. 

      Second, we must do everything possible to do a good job in communication, including film, books, television, radio and new wave…… spread of the religion. They aspire to our food, clothing, shelter, transportation, entertainment and education, is half the success. 

      Third, they must take the youth's attention from the government as the center opened to the traditional primers. Let their minds focused on: sports performance, pornographic books, hedonism, games, films of crime, as well as religious superstition. 

      Fourth, no matter often create things for their people open discussion. This in their subconscious of the seeds of the seeds of a split. Especially in the minority, they find good opportunity to split their region, they split the nation, split their feelings, among them Xinchoujiuhen manufacturing, which is totally neglected strategy. 

      Fifth, we must continue to create news and vilifying their leadership. Our reporters should find opportunities interview them, and then organized their own rhetoric to attack their own. 

      Sixth, and in any case should be to promote democracy. Once there is an opportunity, whether it is large small, tangible and intangible, should seize launched pro-democracy movement. In any occasion, under what circumstances, we have to keep them (Government) for democracy and human rights. So long as every one of us to continue to say the same thing, they will certainly believe that the people we are talking about is the truth. We seize a person is a person, we occupy a site is a construction site. 

      Seventh, we should try our best to encourage them (government) spending, we encourage them to borrow. So we have full assurance to destroy their credit so that their currency devaluation, inflation. As long as they lost control on prices, in the eyes of the people they will be completely collapse. 

       Eighth, we should, in our economic and technological advantages, tangible and intangible blow to their industries. As long as their industries unknowingly paralyzed indefinitely, and we can encourage social unrest. However, we must be very loving on the surface to help and assistance to them so that they (the Government) it is weak. A weak government, it will lead to greater unrest. 

       Ninth, it is necessary to make use of all resources, even Jushoudouju, in a word and smile, to the destruction of their traditional values. We should take advantage of all to the destruction of the moral people. Destroy their self-confidence is the key to the fight against the spirit of their hard work. 

       Tenth, secretly transporting weapons, equipment, in all their enemies, and they may become the enemy of the people.　
　
CHINESE WAKE UP!

　
版权所有 （C） 博杰学习网

 